an  overall i am made a change
in  my view porcari tunisians down my support he began diaspora vegetarian diet
in  a not against these things i used to be the idea this excuse this how i view in
this  black and white extremism as notionate have to be begun
and  if you're not beginner care about animals is just simply just
not  true i love my cat i love my dog when you know in another part of the world they consumed
these  pests that doesn't make it okay trust me i'm all against people
eating  cats and dogs if i have the chance to try a product that is not animal related
that  doesn't use amatorial absolutely jump with the opportunity in fact my frederic now i have old
milk  of milk olinto grandly i have only ice cream a tactical cecrops of amazing
and  that's feedin there are some really good beiroot there on venus full transparent as passion
woodgate  the time to having to look at everything and i buy going the extra effort on everything
like  i'm doing well they exhausted constantly in a hundred ten degrees
emancipation  that cantabile i isolate that all
down  i am lady i don't want to go mainsails
and  that too much effort for me to do mentation choice
i  will support you in no hurry anybody personally i only care what you do what i ask you
know  i go to a restaurant in iconoclastic restaurant a
lot  and they had the option i'm going to defeat some point i'm going to try that because i love to see what actions
are  out there too not consume animal products by have the chance to do so i definitely will but it's
not  a way that i want to live my life and is not really anybody's business if i consume animal products
what  does it mean to say this is a private matter
this  is the personal decision i went evenly and attain one one or two
months  and it was as hard to about i just
i  don't want to live yet in just that simple now something that i odoardo
enjoy  distant every one the while i don't think that you should be angry or upset of tebaldo
the  state every one of the wild come again that your
but  people do with their own body if they want to consume me esther business are you really saying
it's  my decision alone
how  dare you question me are you really leaning
what  ultimately a notion of religious tolerance
this  is my private faith
how  dare you question it how dare you challenge it this kid wraps in
he  got famous in the first place
an  internet atheist as an advocate for the same telling his
own  sad story of a brace and a religious household and were being against
the  challenge were into here
questing  beyond the limits
of  religious way of thinkin
about  values and concepts in our culture
that  are not normally put in the same category
religion  mind your own business
to  day
american  currency
in  god we trust look into the history of the american dollar bill look into the
history  of the very first coin
that  were meant in the united states
and  you will find
the  slogan
the  slogan on some of the very first points that ever existed in
mind  your
some  of these ideas
whether  it be
the  right to bear arms
he
concept  of freedom
personal  responsibility bed rock ethical notions
in  the american and english speaking world
they  rule over us
the  sheep are behaviour
just  as profoundly as a formally organized religion and it
could  be much more difficult
to  get people to question the concepts that they perceived an unexamined way
from  the american constitutional
from  so called secular
american  culture can be much more difficult
the  genitoque tion
prayer
circumcision
whether  or not they personally
should  remain celibate
questioning  the concept of god and the implications of god what god
means
quite  easy to get people to do
questioning  privacy
personal  responsibility
in  what way is
it  would or would not be appropriate for one person to confront
about  an ethical commitment like
about  their diet a bit their drug habit
but  the choice is there making they're going to have tremendous consequences for their own lives or the lives of others around
them  and sure ecological consequences whether be for animals or the environment
thought  of as a kind of abstract
i  had a professor here university of victoria
she's  now retired she was about sixty five years old time had this conversation
and  dumb
she  had cheated double chin she would so far overweight i gotta tell you she really had no chinaman
she  told me she complained to me that she was at that stage of life or is very difficult
for  her by clothes shedding to a special store to buy clothes for overweight women
so  she was at that point of obesity when especially as you get older in life
the  negative consequences that choice start to really catch up with you and i say
do  you want to
to  day
i  don't know if she still alive would not surprise me at all
soon  after i indiscretion she had been in and out of hospital with a heart attack or
high  blood pressure problems or any other chronic ailments that come along with
those
those  lifestyle joyces which again for the people making them they may not perceive it as a choice
at  all they may not think there making a decision just in the same way the being
born  into a christian household and carry uncontradicting you magpie your not may cancion
all  you didn't convert you didn't choose your religion your religion shows you
none  of us signed up for these other
these  other cultural
none  of us really thought through the meaning of privacy
of  minding your own
none  of us thought through the morality of going around and shrewishly policing others and saying
how  dare you
why  don't you mind your own business
how  dare you question me how dare you question him under your question how dare you call into
question  the ethical choices
each  of us are making and less we didn't
we  didn't choose that we didn't convert
he  have to press further you have to press past
the  critique of religion to deal with all of these values all of these assumptions
all  of these beliefs
the  limit
and  guide
this  particular professor she said to me i would say
laughingly  but perhaps scoffingly would be better if it's a
she  said to me scoffingly that
as  soon as i relocated to china as soon as i started living and working in china my commitment to begin
is  in which is
that  i would go back to eating meat
eating  cheese eggs or would have you like all the other students the old the
other  students should had he started learning
the
and  i fixed her with a glare
do  you think that i'm weak
she  was shocked she really is chastisement at one
do  you think that i'm a weak person
do  you think that i'm an undisciplined
we  will first is that what you think of me and i think she just repeated back something about
how  all the other sides
the  will of
maybe  they were
may  be they were
but  not me
that's  not who i
i  have a friend
and  she had a very close relationship with one of her professors
many
there  were professors and students but they were also
colleagues
that  professor
he  looks like he could collapse and
i've  never met
in  terms of his level of obesity terms of consequences of
all  choice and i don't know to what extent cigarettes and alcohol are responsible
for  that but he
grotesquely
over  it
grotesque  is the word
his  choice
freedom  life liberty and the pursuit of agnes who are any of us
to  question any one else
this  friend of mine
she  had this friendship with a profession for many many years
and  one day she just rely drew the line with him and said
how  can we really be friend
if  i'm the
and  you're not in her story to tell so not going
but  very interesting
where  two people who knew and respected each other intellectually
some  point there's a breakdown where you say look if i'm really going to be honest with
this  ethical division between us is not okay and
it  is never going to be okay you know i don't know she would have used these words but he was basically
sandhelo
i  know what you say in your lectures i know your philosophy if not in order as you preach
and  i know that you don't practice it so to me you are a hypocrite in my eyes
you  hypocrite and there's really just a fundamental practical
on  which they couldn't be
and  they couldn't be called
as  far as i then
maybe  five years later
this  older obese professor is going to change
to
maybe
and  may be five years
i  want to dedicate the time to having a look at everything that i by going the extra effort
on  everything like truly living a life of not using more consuming
a  singular animal product that is used in any thing in your natalie
is  practically impossible and lazy that it all down i am lazy
had  to wife i don't want to go began his cause i'm lazy i don't drink
my  girlfriend melissa doesn't drink alcohol do you have any idea
how  many people
take  the time to tell us that really we should drink a
never  occurs in with think old that's none of my business that's a private matter
that  up for you to decide if you don't want drink alcohol you you do you no
this  is the first thing and the last thing americans think of when something like venus
comes  up right wits private it's a personal matter
how  dare any one ask how dare one person tell another
what  the correct answer is to this question
personal
private  should even think of
none  of us hesitate to use pure pressure
of
whether  it's about drinking alcohol watching sports on t v playing
video  games going skiing the most trivial self
indulgences  imaginable right we all engage in lobbying
one  another
to  be lazier to be stupid or to be more self indulgent to be
more  of a stomach at anything abnormal that
good
the  older people can recognize as positive
here  are so eager to discourage you there seegooche you down in this
culture
pretend
that  there is this
separating  each individual
you  can look over the
but  you can't reach you
touch  you can't talk you can't come
can't  say a word
each  of us in our own little back yard
i  engaged in the pursuit of happy
the  reality is
people  do not hesitate to bully you people do not hesitate
to  police you whenever your doing something positive in your life whenever during
something  that's extraordinary whenever your doing something that's above and beyond
the  bare minimum of leading a totally self centered
self  indulgent
people  are so eager
to  encourage you to get back in that category of what they think of
culturally
normal  oh you don't drink out the hall oh you really should
nobody  has it nothing to it's none of my business or who might adjudge who look at it
elionore  you have been a state of sobriety my girl friend i both do
neither  on a string alcoran years ohonoo the social pressure
for  you to drink alcohol that's tremendous and that shame was
if  your began
and  you encourage other people who being oh you should be ashamed of your
your  crossing the line
your  reaching over that
is  not your business
what  people do with their own body if they want to consume me that's their is
and  some one is very well read in ancient greece and ancient rome
comes  up all the time
not  that it's my own are of expertise
but  if you care about history if you care about politics if you care about the constitution of the united
states  america
you  got to be able to make shrewd comparative analytical statements about
frankly  how an historical figure like aristotle is connected to the concepts
stoical  figure like phil clinton and when i got together with my girl friend a
lot  of people noticed that she really stepped up the level of effort she was putting into
reading  on many different topics but this is one of them she started becoming a well educated
well  read person
in  ancient greece and rome do you have any idea
how  many people stepped up
in  stepped out of the shadows to tell her that she should not do that
or  even to take a further step of trying to claim that her boy friend me
that  i am a bad influence on her
that  somehow this is like an unreasonable oppressive expectation
that  are boyfriends pretty look old why are you making the effort to read these books
from  ancient greece and chairman in the effort to improve yourself why are making the effort
to  learn there are people in different walks of life
in  this
some  of you will have felt this were its pressure
not  to be a stand up comedian or not to be an artist or not to sing when
i  did humanitarian work in cambodia o no don't do humanitarian work in cambodia the pure
pressure  to be normal for people who want to drag you down to their level
every  one so eager to police you if they're shepherding you back into that category
of  normal oh you don't watch sports oh you don't riach oh you don't play
video  you should be normal you should be like us
you  should respond to our pure pressure
to  never reach above and beyond our station to never be extraordinary
to  never even attempt to do something positive
they  want a validate and vindicate
their  own lazy
their  own self centred self indulgence the fact that they don't have any better ambitions
the  one valid that i vindicate that but
pure  fresh
we  all put pressure on one of her all the time
whether  that's pressure to smoke marijuana drink alcohol gamble he this this kind of
peer  pressure right i mean in this relationship i think
you  know invisibly i put pressure on my girl friend to go to the gym and she puts pressure
on  me to go to the gym there are times when she's going to the gym more than i do and there's times in
going  the gym orchis terms of studying languages if you're in a relationship one person is putting
the  time to learn chinese and you're not your slacking you you you feel
the  pressure all the time
right  and can be positive it can be positive postcombe a one of the
thing  your life like a imitation with someone who wakes up in the morning and hits the books
and  studies chinese and she's worn to me if i'm not if i'm not doing
that  if i'm a i'm giving nothing to unrepenting my time like trivial where i feel the difference i see the
difference  i know that it was your relation of someone's waking up and bodoeri every day doesn't have to be in the
morning  at that for you know what they're doing and you feel
where  you are in your level of effort you know relative to that okay
i  don't give a flock if you feel oppressed by it
oh  but it's a private matter it's a personal
decision
mind  your own
fact
that  it
he
that  there was no
i  wish i could reach out
same  university professor today
save  her life
change  her life for the better over the next
twenty  years
it  is
her  personal
and  she is making the wrong
there's  a big difference between dying at sixty five and dying at eighty
five
a  big difference
someone  who can barely walk up a flight of stairs
and  has to buy clothes for a special shop
mentally  sharp alert for doctor
what  is it mean
you  say that you believe in privacy
that  you believe
is  that really so
that  you don't care if some one
you  don't care if they live
rapson  if you're watching
i  know you have a history with drug addiction
with  relapses
being  in and out of therapy for it
drug  addiction
as  a personal
whether  or not you get high
a  private
that  doesn't mean there's no
between  making the wrong choice
the
and  that doesn't mean morally wrong
someone  to break that invidious
the  isolated pursuit of any
to  reach across the
and  say to you that they care
they  don't just care if you live or die
they  care if you're leading a manful life or meaningless
and  they want to put pure pressure on you
positively
not  to be drunk
to  be a gambler not to be a degenerate
an  to put
fresh
to  make the right
he